(Episode 18)
Kang Pil Joo.
(Pil Joo)
(Mo Hyun)
What are you doing here?
Mr. Jang Boo Cheon.
Mother.
Grandfather.
Did everyone know...
about me from the start?
Yes.
What about Uncle Jang?
Him too.
Even Director Jang Yeo Cheon knew it too.
Everyone...
must have had fun...
watching me,
a stupid girl who came to live at Mooshimwon.
Yong Goo.
I saw Pil Joo's car outside before I came in here.
Where are Pil Joo and Mo Hyun?
Mo Hyun.
You jerk!
Boo Cheon.
Let's go home.
Let's check the last stage of the project.
Pil Joo.
- This isn't the right time. - Yes, it is.
We must act now.
Right now.
Mo Hyun.
I'm relieved, Boo Cheon.
From the marriage Kang Pil Joo has set up,
the love between us is real,
but now,
I don't have anything left...
because you disregarded our relationship.
- Let's start. - Okay.
Just like you suggested, when Cheong A Bio is the holding company,
I played around to see how I can group the affiliated companies.
We must hurry to get Daeil Distribution listed.
In order to make Cheong A Bio the holding company,
we must expedite getting Daeil Distribution listed...
and merging these two companies.
Later on, when we consolidate Cheong A Bio and Trading,
we must make sure Cheong A Bio...
has legal authorities over every affiliated company of Cheong A.
Even if he is not a president anymore,
do you think Jang Seong Man will let this happen?
I'm sure he will try to stop this...
with everything he's got.
And I plan on stopping...
every trick he plays...
with everything I have too.
So you will make Cheong A Bio the holding company...
and make Jang Boo Cheon the chairman.
What's next?
I'm going to bring up a suit...
to revoke every inheritance Jang Boo Cheon has received...
from Honorary Chairman Jang.
As it's been over 10 years since he received shares of Daeil,
I can't get it back.
But every inheritance that's been given in advance.
I'm going to...
take everything back.
Executive Jung...
will go mad.
(Cheong A Bio)
Executive Jung.
It seems like...
you are not as sharp as before in handling businesses.
I'm talking about Mo Hyun.
Father.
I was under the impression...
that you took care of the son Soo Man had out of wedlock...
from a long time ago without leaving any trace.
You failed to make her follow her father's footstep.
Boo Cheon is going to be the vice chairman soon.
The reputation of Boo Cheon has become important.
Yes, Father.
Right now, I am helping...
Mo Hyun so that she can conceive...
Boo Cheon's child.
All right. If she asks for a divorce on the grounds of the affair,
it will greatly mar his reputation.
Try to comfort her.
Oh, no! You can't walk in there. Hold on a second.
- My goodness. - I didn't know Mo Hyun was feisty.
Speak of the devil.
Grandfather, there's something I must tell you.
- Eun Shim. - Yes, sir.
I will show myself out.
Okay. What is it that you want to tell me?
How did you know that I like Poet Yoon Dong Ju?
I read it on the newspaper before.
- I see. - In my early days,
I liked storybooks,
so I wanted to become a writer.
- I see. - I still have Boo Cheon...
read me books before I go to bed.
Every book has...
its climax and conclusion.
The same thing applies to our lives.
After wandering like duckweed,
it finally reaches its conclusion.
- Mo Hyun, turn this off. - If you put a period at the end...
- What are you doing? - of your life yourself,
- How rude of you. - your name will live in history...
- How dare you? - for leading an independent life...
- without being led by the nose. - Executive Jung.
Leave it.
- Father. - If you decide...
to take all the responsibilities...
regarding this complicated matter and depart this life,
as I still have a lot to do in this world,
I'll make sure to take care of...
Mo Hyun and my great grandson.
Playing this recording in front of me...
is the manner your father whom you respect taught you?
Do you think I went to visit your father at the hospital...
and your father committed suicide...
instead being investigated because we are not...
- as honest as you are? - Grandfather.
I played it because I only wish to know the truth.
A liar.
You played it to criticize me. How dare you lie to me?
My version of the truth...
is in the recording you played.
Your father's version of the truth...
lies in the suicide Congressman Na has chosen.
What more do you want from here?
The truth that made my dad commit the act.
Mo Hyun. Get up right now. Now!
If you're sad about your father's death,
mourn his death.
Congressman Na left the will saying he'd take all the responsibilities.
Dishonoring your father's will...
is the most undutiful act a daughter can commit toward her father.
- Grandfather, I... - Shut your mouth.
I've lost all my affection towards you.
I don't even want to hear your voice.
Executive Jung, from this point on,
Mo Hyun is banned from coming to Mooshimjae.
- Grandfather. - Don't play the recording...
in front of me.
Take and report it to the police.
Get out of my house!
You good-for-nothing witch!
Father, I'm sorry.
If you took care of her the other day,
this wouldn't have happened.
What did you have to discuss with Grandfather?
Boo Cheon.
I want to drink it, so I can get some sleep.
- Give it back. - Let me...
Let me tuck you to bed then. Let's go.
Mo Hyun.
What's wrong with her?
It seems like she had a drink in the dining room.
The house is restless.
It's never been this bad before.
Why would you say that?
You're making me nervous.
It seems...
Ms. Na is above average.
Why isn't she getting divorced?
It doesn't look like she's after money.
For the last 30 years,
I've never told anyone about...
what happened in Gapyeong.
Then how does Father know?
Gosh.
Was I fooled by his trick?
Anyway,
he's worse than a 1,000-year-old snake.
Father...
hasn't given any directions yet,
but...
if he ever indicates about getting rid of Mo Hyun,
you need to...
get it done right this time.
Do you understand?
Father...
has opened up for Boo Cheon for the first time in decades.
If he closes his mind,
Boo Cheon's out.
I...
can't do that anymore, ma'am.
You haven't done anything for Boo Cheon as his father.
If you can't open up a path for him,
you should get rid of the obstacles at least.
(Mooshimwon)
Mr. Kang.
Did you know...
Honorary Chairman Jang visited Congressman Na before he died?
I'm sorry, ma'am.
It's very sensitive matter. I kept it a secret.
You kept it a secret?
Kang Pil Joo.
Is your skill already rusted, or...
have you gone dull because it's about Mo Hyun?
Mo Hyun played a recording of...
Na Gi Chul and Honorary Chairman Jang's...
conversation in front of him.
Did you say Mo Hyun you and Boo Cheon know...
and Mo Hyun that I know...
are different?
She's...
boiling water.
We'll end up getting burnt to death...
with boiling water...
because of her.
I'll make sure she'd never do anything that may upset...
Honorary Chairman Jang.
She's already prohibited from entering Mooshimjae.
He's only...
giving her a break for Boo Cheon's reputation.
You know that...
if Honorary Chairman Jang...
becomes furious,
we'll be all dead.
Cheong A's...
in a good atmosphere with news of a young vice chairman.
If Mo Hyun ruins it...
and bad articles appear, we'll be in trouble.
From now on, you must clamp down on her thoroughly.
I told Ms. Na...
her marriage with Boo Cheon was my idea.
Why did you tell her that all of a sudden?
She wanted to know.
I thought she should.
Is that why...
she drank so much?
Everyone struggled to bring her...
because she didn't want a blind date. What's her problem?
Is she complaining about her first encounter...
after five years?
If you didn't plan it for her,
she could never have imagined of becoming Cheong A's daughter-in-law.
What were you thinking?
What were you thinking when you told Mo Hyun everything?
Ms. Na...
knew everything.
I couldn't hide it anymore.
About what?
Did she...
know...
everything?
She even knew that your letter...
was fake.
Did she know...
you were the one...
who gave her a piggyback too?
All of it.
I was bored waiting alone. I ordered first.
Wasn't it hard to find this place?
Yes. I've never been here before. I got lost.
I didn't read the GPS correctly.
That's why she wanted to drink.
That's where...
you followed her after seeing her...
drunk.
Pil Joo.
I'm going to start again with her.
Over again.
Purely.
The first meeting where I approached her intentionally...
has always bothered me like a fish bone in my throat.
It's actually good.
Boo Cheon.
Let's just...
respect...
her decision.
We...
only hurt her by approaching her intentionally.
When you say...
you want to start over,
it might pressure her.
Did you...
tell her everything...
so that you can be with her later?
If that's what you're after,
you'd better give up now.
Listen to me, you jerk.
Okay?
I'm...
not...
interested in anything else...
but making you the chairman.
Do you understand?
Mo Hyun was dreaming.
She called your name.
Pil Joo.
Don't approach her.
Do me a favor.
Even if she calls your name 1,000 times in her sleep,
I'll take care of it.
You...
better stay away.
If I were to express my opinion as a shareholder of Daeil Distribution,
I believe...
we should make the company be listed...
- even if it costs a lot. - It's been 30 years...
since I inherited Daeil Distribution from my late father.
I believe it should've been listed a long time ago.
What's the biggest problem now?
The fact that Daeil Distribution grew up...
with jobs given by Cheong A...
is the biggest obstacle.
Of course, it's not against the law,
but if words get out,
it'll harm the reputation of both...
international distribution and domestic delivery service.
We should be careful.
Proceed.
I just made an urgent suggestion.
Daeil Distribution needs to freshen up its reputation...
at the same time it is listed.
Honorary Chairman Jang has suggested...
Director Jang Boo Cheon and Executive Jung Mal Ran...
to donate part of their shares as major stockholders...
to socially disadvantaged class.
Hey.
Father.
If you told us in advance,
we would've come up with the amount carefully.
The chairman's suggesting 500 billion dollars.
Then...
Cheong A Foundation can manage the fund.
Yes, ma'am.
Cheong A Foundation will manage the fund for sure.
Grandfather. I need time to think about it.
Are you saying you won't take my opinion?
I'm a major shareholder of Daeil Distribution.
Because the honorary chairman has invested Cheong A Bio in kind...
for Daeil Distribution shares,
he has a right as a major shareholder.
Of course, you have a right.
Cheong A Foundation will manage the fund, Boo Cheon.
Mom.
Do you think Pil Joo really didn't know...
and suddenly delivered it on behalf of Grandfather?
I do.
Even if...
he knew,
he probably had a reason.
Mom. You trust him so much.
What if he betrays you?
How are you going to handle that?
You think so?
That's unimaginable.
Mom. Pil Joo is...
You...
don't know...
his serious stare.
Those eyes.
They can't possibly betray me.
I may not know anything else,
but I can read him.
Think of it as...
he's doing this for you who is his owner.
He'll explain it to you.
Boo Cheon. Executive Jung.
I'm sorry...
I couldn't tell you about Daeil Distribution donation in advance.
Does it have to be that big?
I know we must steal the heart of the next president.
We must donate the amount that exceeds people's imagination...
to move their hearts.
This donation will make...
Cheong A's impression good, sir.
Then...
we should discuss it with...
Executive Jung and Boo Cheon.
I think it should be a surprise...
which you enjoy.
If Executive Jung finds out,
she'd want to adjust the amount.
And if Boo Cheon goes against it...
and the press finds out about it,
people will say...
it was a fund raising the government.
Then it will be worse than...
not donating at all, sir.
(Cheong A Foundation Intranet)
(This account does not have an access.)
This is the accounting data you requested.
Yes, Thank you.
Also,
there's accounting data that I can't open in the internal network.
Yes. Actually...
only Executive Jung and Executive Park...
can open it.
It's blocked.
Okay.
Mo Hyun. I'm ready.
[VIU Ver] E18 Money Flower "Don't Make a Move"
-= Ruo Xi =-
It's the woman...
Boo Cheon met before we got married.
- Her child is five years old. - Stop it.
The details are for Boo Cheon.
You don't need to tell me.
Divorce him, and come back home.
I still have energy.
I'll help you to become happier than before...
when you come back.
Let it go.
Move on. Don't leave any feelings behind. Come back immediately.
I'm not saying anything...
because you still live there.
There's...
something I must do...
before I divorce him.
Wait for me, Mom.
When I was young,
you were sitting down all exhausted,
so I asked you why you were so exhausted, and you said that...
there was a dream...
you wanted to accomplish desperately.
But you were incompetent and powerless...
to accomplish it.
So you were sad.
Your dream will be accomplished now.
Not the money,
but your sincerity...
helped you.
Did you look for me, Mother?
We should settle...
what Grandfather yelled at you for.
Let me ask you one thing.
Why did you take it to Mooshimjae?
This place is connected to my dad.
I wanted to know the truth about Cheong A.
My dad was a righteous and sincere politician all his life.
I needed to know why he received money from Cheong A...
and decided to take his own life.
Why haven't you asked me earlier?
He just...
wanted to become president...
so desperately.
That is the only truth about Congressman Na, Mo Hyun.
He wanted to satisfy...
his earnest desire...
and realize his dream.
He was drawn close to Cheong A by fate.
Then he was driven...
to the corner hopelessly,
so he gave up...
both on his dream and life.
I also...
have earnest desire...
to make Boo Cheon the chairman of Cheong A,
so I understand Congressman Na.
Should I interpret it this way?
Cheong A could bring him anything...
and make everything possible...
as long as he wanted.
So he tried to become president...
with the help of Cheong A.
What did Cheong A earn by giving money to my dad?
I'm sure it didn't give him money...
just to realize his dream.
Stop beating around the bush and get to the point.
Pil Joo told me that you set me up...
to meet Boo Cheon according to your plan...
to have my dad as your in-law.
So what?
What do you want from me now?
I want some consolation.
How could I console you?
I can't soothe you in my arms like a little baby.
Give me money.
I'll consult my lawyer...
how much I should demand you...
for compensation and let you know.
I was talking about the old days with Dr. Hwang over our cups,
and I suddenly missed you, so I came here.
I'm glad you came here.
Dr. Hwang worked really hard...
to save Attorney Kang.
Dr. Hwang told me how much...
you cared for Attorney Kang,
and it quite broke my heart.
You'd been excessively strict...
to me and my brother.
Your decision to remove the oxygen tank...
from Soo Man was very harsh...
when we still could wait longer for his recovery.
Watching that big man...
subsisting his life on the oxygen tank was terrible.
Actually,
right after you ordered them to remove his oxygen tank,
he showed some progress.
But I told the doctor not to tell you...
since the progress was too subtle and meaningless.
Even if...
the progress might have meant nothing to me and you,
Boo Cheon and Mal Ran...
could've seen it as a hope if they knew it.
So I feel quite bad for them.
We shortened the painful time for Soo Man.
We should see it that way.
By the way, is Yeo Cheon doing fine there?
He is.
It must be hard for him as he had never faced such hardships,
but he sounds bright and reliable over the phone.
He seems to have grown up.
Why don't you tell him to come back?
He needs to be there for a full year...
so that everyone knows...
that I'm merciless to those who harm Cheong A.
There is no way he comes back already.
Making him leave Cheong A would be better.
It's too harsh...
for such a young man to stay far away.
Punishment must be harsh.
Stop talking nonsense pretending to be drunk, and leave.
I'm tired.
Although it was short, I had a deep sleep.
When did you get here?
I just got here. Were you waiting for me?
Yes, I have something to consult you.
I was recognized to be competent in running business...
when I worked for Cheong A Bio, right?
Right. You did a great job in Cheong A Bio.
You also did your best.
Do you think so?
I need to hold an additional post of the president at Cheong A Bio...
even after I become the vice chairman.
If the current project for...
Alzheimer's new treatment succeeds,
it'll change the game for the bio industry internationally.
Then I must stay at Cheong A Bio in order to get credit for it.
That's a good idea.
I knew you'd support it.
I need you to give full support for my idea...
at the upcoming directors' meeting.
Sure.
What?
Are you about to say that...
there's nothing more for me to learn from you?
Pil Joo,
I need you to teach me...
how to shoot well like you before you say that.
I went to practice shooting with Secretary Oh recently...
as I thought it was good for concentration.
Would you join us?
Sure.
Such a coward.
It's not loaded.
Let's have a break.
You can have it alone.
I'll practice more while you're gone.
I feel intimidated next to you,
so my shooting is worse than usual.
Secretary Oh.
Please kill Pil Joo for me.
Pardon?
I'm kidding.
It's just a joke today,
but you should do it for me...
when I ask you seriously later.
Secretary Oh.
Boo Cheon will soon...
become the vice chairman...
and the chairman.
Before that,
why don't you leave Mooshimwon?
Why should I leave?
It just occurred to me...
when I saw you.
It's for Boo Cheon.
Do you know what my wish is?
I want to live...
just one day longer than Executive Jung.
If I leave Mooshimwon,
I won't be able to know how she's doing.
If Executive Jung dies today,
Mr. Oh Ki Pyung,
you will be dying tomorrow.
Don't you care...
about Boo Cheon?
I can't...
take care of him as a father after all.
What are you guys talking about so seriously?
Secretary Oh regrets...
that he's...
growing old single.
Why would you regret it?
You can marry a woman now.
It's not too late...
to have a son.
Please don't leave Mooshimwon even if you get married.
Once Mo Hyun and I have children,
you should make wooden horses for them.
Executive Jung.
He's become...
the vice chairman of Cheong A Group as of today.
Mom. I'm Vice Chairman Jang Boo Cheon...
of Cheong A Group.
Cheong A is...
yours now.
You should love Cheong A...
just like...
Grandfather does.
Okay.
I'll work hard for the interests of Cheong A.
Daeil Distribution will be listed soon.
And you're the vice chairman now.
If your father was alive,
he must've been flattered.
I think so too.
Thank you.
Think about how much you want...
for the contingent fee and tell me.
Mom.
You should pay him more than what he can imagine.
I promised him.
Pil Joo, I should go to work. I have an appointment.
Okay.
Did you check up on Mo Hyun?
Yes. She's working hard...
at the welfare foundation.
She said she'd demand compensation for the arranged marriage,
but I haven't heard from her.
Whatever she does,
she makes me feel nervous.
Hello, Mr. Kim.
Yes.
Yes. I'm leaving now.
Okay.
Bye.
(Vice Chairman Jang Boo Cheon)
Vice Chairman Jang, congratulations on your promotion.
Thank you, Mr. Woo.
Thank you, Pil Joo. Thanks to you,
I could become the vice chairman.
You're ranked in second...
right after Honorary Chairman Jang.
You're the acting chairman and the vice chairman.
Then I will conduct a meeting in the chairman's office...
as the acting chairman.
I will exercise my authority over personnel affairs...
as the vice president who's won the board's approval.
Please come on in.
Congratulations on your promotion, Vice Chairman Jang Boo Cheon.
The first personnel appointment I announced as the vice chairman.
Vice President Jang Yeo Cheon...
is reinstated as the vice president of Cheong A Bio.
Vice Chairman Jang.
You're just like Honorary Chairman Jang who likes surprises.
I probably took it after my grandfather.
Welcome back, Yeo Cheon.
As Grandfather said, I have a lot to defend.
We should work together as a family.
Let's do as you said.
Thank you for not forgetting me.
I was waiting for the day...
to return to Korea at the lumber camp in Myanmar.
Yong Goo,
you still have the recording files from the cameras at the hospital?
Of course.
Do you want to see Mo Hyun visiting you?
No, Boo Cheon.
Boo Cheon?
I didn't pay much attention...
to Boo Cheon.
Boo Cheon...
requested your DNA test?
Becoming the chairman of Cheong A...
is neither my mom's dream...
nor your goal anymore.
Now it's my dream...
and my goal.
No matter who it is,
I won't tolerate those...
who get in my way.
It looks the same as your brother's.
This is the necklace my dad gave me.
Mo Hyun found it.
I need you to keep it well.
What brings you here at this late hour?
- Sir. - I need to talk...
to Chairman Jang urgently.
Please leave us alone.
Gosh. Is it something I'm not supposed to hear?
It is.
Attorney Kang.
What is it at this hour?
Sir.
Do you remember that necklace?
It's the necklace...
you gave to...
Vice Chairman Jang Soo Man.
Why do you have it?
I asked why you have it.
Grandfather.
Please allow me to...
make a bow to you...
as your eldest grandson, Eun Cheon.
(Money Flower)